it bertrand de impinges is a decayed town on the
spurs ofthe pyrenees not verv far from toulouse and
still nearer to fagneresdeluchon i wax the site ofa
bishopric until the revolution and has a cathedral
which is visited be a certain number tourists in the
spring ofrxxa an finglishmanarrived a this oldsworld
place i i i lcan hardly dignify it with the name of city
for there are not a thousand inhabitants lle was a
cambridge ran who had core specially fro virus
louse to see it errands church and had left two
friends who were less keen archaeologists than him
self in their hotel at toulouse under promise to join
him on the following morning half an hour at the
church would satisfy be and all three coud then
pursue their journey in the direction of much rut our
llnglishmar had come early on the dav in question
andproposed to himselfto itl a notebook and to use
several doen of plates in the process of describing
and photographing everv corner of the wonderful
church that dominates the little hill ofcomminges in
order to carry out this design satisfactorily it was
necessary to monopolise the verger of the church for
the dav the verger or sacristan i refer the latter
appellation inaccurate as it mav be was accordingly
went for be the somewhat brusque lady who keeps the
inn of the chapeau rouge and when he came the
englishman found him an unexpectedly interesting
obiect ofstuff it was not in the personal appearance
of the little dry wizened old man that the interest lay
